include a section for backend protocol in the website (#2520)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: site-src/guides/backend-protocol.md

# Backend Protocol

> 

Reviewer: I feel like we need some warning here about this being... I guess not "experimental" but something in that realm as it relies on `Services` and all this other stuff that's fairly indirect and may not apply in some implementations? :thinking: 

/cc @robscott

Author: Can you add a suggestion via GitHub?

Reviewer: Sure, just want Rob's input first see if he's on the same page and what he thinks.

Reviewer 2: Copied from #2492
```suggestion

??? example "Experimental Channel in v1.0.0+"

    This concept is part of the Experimental Channel in `v1.0.0+`.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks like this: https://deploy-preview-2492--kubernetes-sigs-gateway-api.netlify.app/api-types/httproute/#timeouts-optional

> Not all Gateway implementations support automatic protocol selection. Even in some cases protocols are disabled without an explicit opt-in (eg. websockets with Contour & NGINX). 

Reviewer 2: Recommend removing references to any specific implementations
```suggestion
Not all implementations of Gateway API support automatic protocol selection. In some cases protocols are disabled without an explicit opt-in. 
```

> When a Route's backend references a Kubernetes Service application developers can specify the protocol using `ServicePort` [`appProtocol`][appProtocol] field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When a Route's backend references a Kubernetes Service, application developers can specify the protocol using `ServicePort` [`appProtocol`][appProtocol] field.
```

> For example the following `frontend` Kubernetes Service is indicating the port `8080` supports HTTP/2 Prior Knowledge.

Reviewer 2: Maybe use a different name for the Service to avoid confusion with backend. An example like "store" would likely avoid that kind of confusion.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: frontend
spec:
  selector:
    app: frontend
  ports:
  - protocol: TCP
    appProtocol: kubernetes.io/h2c
    port: 8080
    targetPort: 8080
```

> Currently, Gateway conformance is testing support for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Currently, Gateway API has conformance testing for:
```

# Backend Protocol

??? example "Experimental Channel in v1.0.0+"

>     This concept is part of the Experimental Channel in `v1.0.0+`.

Reviewer 2: Tiny nit
```suggestion
    This concept is part of the Experimental Channel in `v1.0.0+`.

```
